so in typical RAZR fashion they have
once again expanded their repertoire of
mice we have not one not two but two new
mice from Razer we have the basilisk
version too as well as the Death Adder
version 2 and I'm gonna focus this video
on the Death Adder because this is like
this was my very first gaming mouse not
this one but the one from like 2006 or
whatever this is an extremely popular
Mouse this shape has been like this has
been in so many people's hands I think
they sold 10 million mice over the years
I actually don't know why they call this
one version 2 they've sold so many in so
many iterations and variations of this
thing it's like probably version 17 at
this point but it is called version 2
and they've changed a whole bunch of
stuff like they've changed the cables
the sensors the switches we'll get into
it but the one thing that is like the
most unique changed to this iteration
and maybe this is why they're calling it
version 2 is the shape has been slightly
tweaked all the earlier versions of
death adders have had this area on the
right hand side of the mouse kind of
like the top right where your fingers
rest that just it flared out in a
particular way that was uncomfortable
for people that had smaller hands this
new version too they've they've just
shaped it slightly different it doesn't
flare out as wide as it used to and it's
just like a it's a nicer feel in most
hands now I think people that have giant
hands won't notice it or they may even
prefer the older style but I think the
average hand size you'll appreciate this
slight adjustment to the shape of the
mouse but the overall design and
ergonomic fit of the Death Adder remains
unchanged and it's a good thing there's
a reason why there's 10 million these
things sold it is a very popular design
so they've changed a couple other things
the sensor has been upgraded to the new
optical sensor the focus plus from razer
i think it's actually the best sensor in
the market right now better than
anything that Logitech has we've seen it
on the viper ultimate as well as some
new switches these are optical switches
now they have new feet PTFE material
very slick very smooth and the cable
it's also this new speed flex much here
we've seen this on basically all the
2019 mice that razer put out and this
has all been
put into their Death Adder and they did
all of this while reducing the weight of
this Mouse it's now an 82 gram Mouse the
last iteration of the Death Adder was I
think over 100 grams that was probably
my personal reason as to why I switched
off of the death adders they were just
getting heavier and in like 2018 when
lighter mice were being introduced I
didn't like that whole heavy Mouse feel
especially for first-person shooters so
I switched off of it primarily because
of the weight and I don't know if I'll
switch back to this because I do like I
like the Viper the other mouse that
razer makes but if you were someone that
was drawn to its shape and its size and
you just like the ergonomic feel of a
Death Adder this is a really nice update
they've also added onboard memory so one
of the things I always disliked about
basically every Razer product is their
software they run this thing called
synapse and it is it's big it feels
clunky and honestly it can be really
buggy sometimes I do not like installing
any of their software on any of my
things not their laptops certainly not
for their mice and because this thing
now has onboard memory you can just
install it once set up your colors set
up your button configurations your dpi
settings and just delete that thing from
your system forever because you just
store all your settings onto the mouse
and you're good to go if you ever want
to adjust that stuff in the future you'd
have to do it all over again but just
keeping synapse on your system is I hate
that thing so who is this mouse for well
for people that enjoy the DeathAdder
economics this is an easy upgrade like
if you have an older one that's broken
or about to die nice pickup but for
people that want a lighter mouse that is
shaped but you didn't want the honeycomb
pattern and you also like the features
that Razer provides on their mice this
is definitely a good thing to check out
the basilisk so this is it has the same
kind of internal hardware in terms like
the sensor the switches the cables the
PTFE feet on the bottom it's also been
updated but I've never been drawn to the
shape of the vast list this is most
similar to the logitech g502 it's for
people that like that design aesthetic
and that organ ah mcfist never been for
me I've always been more of an
ambidextrous Mouse person or the
old-school Death Adder feel but they've
both been updated and there you have it
enjoyed it thumbs if you liked it subs
if you loved it see you guys next time